
# Developer Associate Questions

- A startup with newly created AWS account is testing different EC2 instances. They have used Burstable performance instance - T2.micro - for 35 seconds and stopped the instance. At the end of the month, what is the instance usage duration that the company is charged for?
	- 0 seconds (AWS states that, if your AWS account is less than 12 months old, you can use a t2.micro instance for free within certain usage limits.)
- The development team has just configured and attached the IAM policy needed to access AWS Billing and Cost Management for all users under the Finance department. But, the users are unable to see AWS Billing and Cost Management service in the AWS console. What could be the reason for this issue?
	- You need to activate IAM user access to the Billing and Cost Management console for all the users who need access (By default, IAM users do not have access to the AWS Billing and Cost Management console. You or your account administrator must grant users access. You can do this by activating IAM user access to the Billing and Cost Management console and attaching an IAM policy to your users. Then, you need to activate IAM user access for IAM policies to take effect. You only need to activate IAM user access once.)
- To enable HTTPS connections for his web application deployed on the AWS Cloud, a developer is in the process of creating server certificate. (Which AWS entities can be used to deploy SSL/TLS server certificates? (Select two))
	- AWS Certificate Manager
	- IAM (is used as a certificate manager only when you must support HTTPS connections in a Region that is not supported by ACM. IAM securely encrypts your private keys and stores the encrypted version in IAM SSL certificate storage. IAM supports deploying server certificates in all Regions, but you must obtain your certificate from an external provider for use with AWS. You cannot upload an ACM certificate to IAM. Additionally, you cannot manage your certificates from the IAM Console.)
- CodeCommit is a managed version control service that hosts private Git repositories in the AWS cloud. Which of the following credential types is NOT supported by IAM for CodeCommit?
	- IAM username and password (IAM username and password credentials cannot be used to access CodeCommit.)
- You have deployed a Java application to an EC2 instance where it uses the X-Ray SDK. When testing from your personal computer, the application sends data to X-Ray but when the application runs from within EC2, the application fails to send data to X-Ray. Which of the following does **NOT** help with debugging the issue?
	-   X-Ray sampling (By customizing sampling rules, you can control the amount of data that you record, and modify sampling behavior on the fly without modifying or redeploying your code. Sampling rules tell the X-Ray SDK how many requests to record for a set of criteria. X-Ray SDK applies a sampling algorithm to determine which requests get traced however because our application is failing to send data to X-Ray it does not help in determining the cause of failure.)
- An application is hosted by a 3rd party and exposed at yourapp.3rdparty.com. You would like to have your users access your application using www.mydomain.com, which you own and manage under Route 53. What Route 53 record should you create?
	- Create a CNAME record (A CNAME record maps DNS queries for the name of the current record, such as acme.example.com, to another domain (example.com or example.net) or subdomain (acme.example.com or zenith.example.org).)
- A developer has an application that stores data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The application uses an HTTP API to store and retrieve objects. When the PutObject API operation adds objects to the S3 bucket the developer must encrypt these objects at rest by using server-side encryption with Amazon S3-managed keys (SSE-S3). Which solution will guarantee that any upload request without the mandated encryption is not processed?
	- Invoke the PutObject API operation and set the `x-amz-server-side-encryption` header as `AES256`. Use an S3 bucket policy to deny permission to upload an object unless the request has this header
- A Developer has been entrusted with the job of securing certain S3 buckets that are shared by a large team of users. Last time, a bucket policy was changed, the bucket was erroneously available for everyone, outside the organization too. Which feature/service will help the developer identify similar security issues with minimum effort?
	- IAM Access Analyzer ( AWS IAM Access Analyzer helps you identify the resources in your organization and accounts, such as Amazon S3 buckets or IAM roles, that are shared with an external entity. This lets you identify unintended access to your resources and data, which is a security risk.)
- A multi-national company has multiple business units with each unit having its own AWS account. The development team at the company would like to debug and trace data across accounts and visualize it in a centralized account. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you suggest for the given use-case? 
	- X-Ray (AWS X-Ray helps developers analyze and debug production, distributed applications, such as those built using a microservices architecture. With X-Ray, you can understand how your application and its underlying services are performing to identify and troubleshoot the root cause of performance issues and errors. X-Ray provides an end-to-end view of requests as they travel through your application, and shows a map of your application’s underlying components.)
- A developer has been asked to create an application that can be deployed across a fleet of EC2 instances. The configuration must allow for full control over the deployment steps using the blue-green deployment. Which service will help you achieve that?
	- CodeDeploy
- You are creating a Cloud Formation template to deploy your CMS application running on an EC2 instance within your AWS account. Since the application will be deployed across multiple regions, you need to create a map of all the possible values for the base AMI. How will you invoke the `!FindInMap` function to fulfill this use case?
	- `!FindInMap [ MapName, TopLevelKey, SecondLevelKey ]` The intrinsic function `Fn::FindInMap` returns the value corresponding to keys in a two-level map that's declared in the `Mappings` section.
- A development team at a social media company uses AWS Lambda functions for its serverless stack on AWS Cloud. For a new deployment, the Team Lead wants to send only a certain portion of the traffic to a new version of a Lambda function. In case the deployment goes wrong, the solution should also support the ability to roll back to a previous version of the Lambda function, with MIMINUM downtime for the application. As a Developer Associate, which of the following options would you recommend to address this use-case?
	- Set up the application to use an alias that points to the current version. Deploy the new version of the code and configure the alias to send 10% of the users to this new version. If the deployment goes wrong, reset the alias to point all traffic to the current version
- A developer is testing Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) queues in a development environment. The queue along with all its contents has to be deleted after testing. Which SQS API should be used for this requirement?
	- DeleteQueue
- A global e-commerce company wants to perform geographic load testing of its order processing API. The company must deploy resources to multiple AWS Regions to support the load testing of the API. How can the company address these requirements without additional application code?
	- Set up an AWS CloudFormation template that defines the load test resources. Leverage the AWS CLI create-stack-set command to create a stack set in the desired Regions (AWS CloudFormation StackSets extends the capability of stacks by enabling you to create, update, or delete stacks across multiple accounts and AWS Regions with a single operation. Using an administrator account, you define and manage an AWS CloudFormation template, and use the template as the basis for provisioning stacks into selected target accounts across specified AWS Regions. A stack set lets you create stacks in AWS accounts across regions by using a single CloudFormation template. A stack set's CloudFormation template defines all the resources in each stack. As you create the stack set, specify the template to use, in addition to any parameters and capabilities that the template requires. After you've defined a stack set, you can create, update, or delete stacks in the target accounts and AWS Regions you specify.)
- A cybersecurity firm wants to run their applications on single-tenant hardware to meet security guidelines. Which of the following is the MOST cost-effective way of isolating their Amazon EC2 instances to a single tenant?
	- **Dedicated Instances**: Dedicated Instances are Amazon EC2 instances that run in a virtual private cloud (VPC) on hardware that's dedicated to a single customer. Dedicated Instances that belong to different AWS accounts are physically isolated at a hardware level, even if those accounts are linked to a single-payer account. However, Dedicated Instances may share hardware with other instances from the same AWS account that are not Dedicated Instances.
		- (A Dedicated Host is also a physical server that's dedicated for your use. With a Dedicated Host, you have visibility and control over how instances are placed on the server. This option is costlier than the Dedicated Instance and hence is not the right choice for the current requirement.)
- An e-commerce company has developed an API that is hosted on Amazon ECS. Variable traffic spikes on the application are causing order processing to take too long. The application processes orders using Amazon SQS queues. The `ApproximateNumberOfMessagesVisible` metric spikes at very high values throughout the day which triggers the CloudWatch alarm. Other ECS metrics for the API containers are well within limits. As a Developer Associate, which of the following will you recommend for improving performance while keeping costs low?
	- Use backlog per instance metric with target tracking scaling policy (If you use a target tracking scaling policy based on a custom Amazon SQS queue metric, dynamic scaling can adjust to the demand curve of your application more effectively.)
- An organization has offices across multiple locations and the technology team has configured an Application Load Balancer across targets in multiple Availability Zones. The team wants to analyze the incoming requests for latencies and the client's IP address patterns. Which feature of the Load Balancer will help collect the required information?
	-   ALB access logs
- You have chosen AWS Elastic Beanstalk to upload your application code and allow it to handle details such as provisioning resources and monitoring. When creating configuration files for AWS Elastic Beanstalk which naming convention should you follow?
	- `.ebextensions/<mysettings>.config`
- A company is using a Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) based AWS VPN connection to connect from its on-premises data center to Amazon EC2 instances in the company’s account. The development team can access an EC2 instance in subnet A but is unable to access an EC2 instance in subnet B in the same VPC. Which logs can be used to verify whether the traffic is reaching subnet B?
	- VPC Flow Logs (is a feature that enables you to capture information about the IP traffic going to and from network interfaces in your VPC. Flow log data can be published to Amazon CloudWatch Logs or Amazon S3. After you've created a flow log, you can retrieve and view its data in the chosen destination.)
- A company runs its flagship application on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. After misplacing a couple of private keys from the SSH key pairs, they have decided to re-use their SSH key pairs for the different instances across AWS Regions. As a Developer Associate, which of the following would you recommend to address this use-case?
	- Generate a public SSH key from a private SSH key. Then, import the key into each of your AWS Regions
- A media publishing company is using Amazon EC2 instances for running their business-critical applications. Their IT team is looking at reserving capacity apart from savings plans for the critical instances. As a Developer Associate, which of the following reserved instance types you would select to provide capacity reservations?
	- Zonal Reserved Instances (When you purchase a Reserved Instance for a specific Availability Zone, it's referred to as a Zonal Reserved Instance. Zonal Reserved Instances provide capacity reservations as well as discounts. A zonal Reserved Instance provides a capacity reservation in the specified Availability Zone. Capacity Reservations enable you to reserve capacity for your Amazon EC2 instances in a specific Availability Zone for any duration. This gives you the ability to create and manage Capacity Reservations independently from the billing discounts offered by Savings Plans or regional Reserved Instances.)
- A pharmaceutical company runs their database workloads on Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) volumes. As a Developer Associate, which of the following options would you identify as an **INVALID** configuration for io1 EBS volume types?
	- **200 GiB size volume with 15000 IOPS** This is an invalid configuration. The maximum ratio of provisioned IOPS to requested volume size (in GiB) is 50:1. So, for a 200 GiB volume size, max IOPS possible is 200*50 = 10000 IOPS.
- You have launched several AWS Lambda functions written in Java. A new requirement was given that over 1MB of data should be passed to the functions and should be encrypted and decrypted at runtime. Which of the following methods is suitable to address the given use-case?
	- Use Envelope Encryption and reference the data as file within the code (While AWS KMS does support sending data up to 4 KB to be encrypted directly, envelope encryption can offer significant performance benefits. When you encrypt data directly with AWS KMS it must be transferred over the network. Envelope encryption reduces the network load since only the request and delivery of the much smaller data key go over the network. The data key is used locally in your application or encrypting AWS service, avoiding the need to send the entire block of data to AWS KMS and suffer network latency.)
- As a senior architect, you are responsible for the development, support, maintenance, and implementation of all database applications written using NoSQL technology. A new project demands a throughput requirement of 10 strongly consistent reads per second of 6KB in size each. How many read capacity units will you need when configuring your DynamoDB table?
	- 20
- A social gaming application supports the transfer of gift vouchers between users. When a user hits a certain milestone on the leaderboard, they earn a gift voucher that can be redeemed or transferred to another user. The development team wants to ensure that this transfer is captured in the database such that the records for both users are either written successfully with the new gift vouchers or the status quo is maintained. Which of the following solutions represent the best-fit options to meet the requirements for the given use-case? (Select two)
	- Use the DynamoDB transactional read and write APIs on the table items as a single, all-or-nothing operation
	- Complete both operations on RDS MySQL in a single transaction block
- An e-commerce company manages a microservices application that receives orders from various partners through a customized API for each partner exposed via Amazon API Gateway. The orders are processed by a shared Lambda function. How can the company notify each partner regarding the status of their respective orders in the most efficient manner, without affecting other partners' orders? Also, the solution should be scalable to accommodate new partners with minimal code changes required.
	- Set up an SNS topic and subscribe each partner to the SNS topic. Modify the Lambda function to publish messages with specific attributes to the SNS topic and apply the appropriate filter policy to the topic subscriptions
- A developer working with EC2 Windows instance has installed Kinesis Agent for Windows to stream JSON-formatted log files to Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) via Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. The developer wants to understand the sink type capabilities of Kinesis Firehose.Which of the following sink types is NOT supported by Kinesis Firehose.
	- Amazon ElastiCache with Amazon S3 as backup
- A developer wants to package the code and dependencies for the application-specific Lambda functions as container images to be hosted on Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR).Which of the following options are correct for the given requirement? (Select two)
	- To deploy a container image to Lambda, the container image must implement the Lambda Runtime API
	- AWS Lambda service does not support Lambda functions that use multi-architecture container images
- A company has a cloud system in AWS with components that send and receive messages using SQS queues. While reviewing the system you see that it processes a lot of information and would like to be aware of any limits of the system. Which of the following represents the maximum number of messages that can be stored in an SQS queue?
	- no limit
- A university has created a student portal that is accessible through a smartphone app and web application. The smartphone app is available in both Android and IOS and the web application works on most major browsers. Students will be able to do group study online and create forum questions. All changes made via smartphone devices should be available even when offline and should synchronize with other devices. Which of the following AWS services will meet these requirements?
	- Cognito Sync (Amazon Cognito Sync is an AWS service and client library that enables cross-device syncing of application-related user data. You can use it to synchronize user profile data across mobile devices and the web without requiring your own backend. The client libraries cache data locally so your app can read and write data regardless of device connectivity status. When the device is online, you can synchronize data, and if you set up push sync, notify other devices immediately that an update is available.)
- You are a development team lead setting permissions for other IAM users with limited permissions. On the AWS Management Console, you created a dev group where new developers will be added, and on your workstation, you configured a developer profile. You would like to test that this user cannot terminate instances. Which of the following options would you execute?
	- Use the AWS CLI --dry-run option
- A business has their test environment built on Amazon EC2 configured on General purpose SSD volume. At which gp2 volume size will their test environment hit the max IOPS?
	- 5.3 TiB
- A diagnostic lab stores its data on DynamoDB. The lab wants to backup a particular DynamoDB table data on Amazon S3, so it can download the S3 backup locally for some operational use. Which of the following options is NOT feasible?
	- Use the DynamoDB on-demand backup capability to write to Amazon S3 and download locally (This option is not feasible for the given use-case. DynamoDB has two built-in backup methods (On-demand, Point-in-time recovery) that write to Amazon S3, but you will not have access to the S3 buckets that are used for these backups.)
- A developer in your company was just promoted to Team Lead and will be in charge of code deployment on EC2 instances via AWS CodeCommit and AWS CodeDeploy. Per the new requirements, the deployment process should be able to change permissions for deployed files as well as verify the deployment success. Which of the following actions should the new Developer take?
	- Define an `appspec.yml` file in the root directory (An AppSpec file must be a YAML-formatted file named appspec.yml and it must be placed in the root of the directory structure of an application's source code. The AppSpec file is used to: Map the source files in your application revision to their destinations on the instance, Specify custom permissions for deployed files, Specify scripts to be run on each instance at various stages of the deployment process. During deployment, the CodeDeploy agent looks up the name of the current event in the hooks section of the AppSpec file. If the event is not found, the CodeDeploy agent moves on to the next step. If the event is found, the CodeDeploy agent retrieves the list of scripts to execute. The scripts are run sequentially, in the order in which they appear in the file. The status of each script is logged in the CodeDeploy agent log file on the instance.If a script runs successfully, it returns an exit code of 0 (zero). If the CodeDeploy agent installed on the operating system doesn't match what's listed in the AppSpec file, the deployment fails)
- You have created a continuous delivery service model with automated steps using AWS CodePipeline. Your pipeline uses your code, maintained in a CodeCommit repository, AWS CodeBuild, and AWS Elastic Beanstalk to automatically deploy your code every time there is a code change. However, the deployment to Elastic Beanstalk is taking a very long time due to resolving dependencies on all of your 100 target EC2 instances. Which of the following actions should you take to improve performance with limited code changes?
	- Bundle the dependencies in the source code during the build stage of CodeBuild
- The development team at an e-commerce company completed the last deployment for their application at a reduced capacity because of the deployment policy. The application took a performance hit because of the traffic spike due to an on-going sale. Which of the following represents the BEST deployment option for the upcoming application version such that it maintains at least the FULL capacity of the application and MINIMAL impact of failed deployment?
	- Deploy the new application version using 'Immutable' deployment policy (The 'Immutable' deployment policy ensures that your new application version is always deployed to new instances, instead of updating existing instances. It also has the additional advantage of a quick and safe rollback in case the deployment fails. In an immutable update, a second Auto Scaling group is launched in your environment and the new version serves traffic alongside the old version until the new instances pass health checks. In case of deployment failure, the new instances are terminated, so the impact is minimal.)
- Your team lead has asked you to learn AWS CloudFormation to create a collection of related AWS resources and provision them in an orderly fashion. You decide to provide AWS-specific parameter types to catch invalid values. When specifying parameters which of the following is not a valid Parameter type?
	- DependentParameter (In CloudFormation, parameters are all independent and cannot depend on each other. Therefore, this is an invalid parameter type.)
- Recently in your organization, the AWS X-Ray SDK was bundled into each Lambda function to record outgoing calls for tracing purposes. When your team leader goes to the X-Ray service in the AWS Management Console to get an overview of the information collected, they discover that no data is available. What is the most likely reason for this issue?
	- Fix the IAM Role (Create an IAM role with write permissions and assign it to the resources running your application. You can use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to grant X-Ray permissions to users and compute resources in your account. This should be one of the first places you start by checking that your permissions are properly configured before exploring other troubleshooting options.)
- The development team at an analytics company is using SQS queues for decoupling the various components of application architecture. As the consumers need additional time to process SQS messages, the development team wants to postpone the delivery of new messages to the queue for a few seconds. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend to the development team?
	- Use delay queues to postpone the delivery of new messages to the queue for a few seconds
- The development team at a retail company is gearing up for the upcoming Thanksgiving sale and wants to make sure that the application's serverless backend running via Lambda functions does not hit latency bottlenecks as a result of the traffic spike. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend to address this use-case?
	- Configure Application Auto Scaling to manage Lambda provisioned concurrency on a schedule (Concurrency is the number of requests that a Lambda function is serving at any given time. If a Lambda function is invoked again while a request is still being processed, another instance is allocated, which increases the function's concurrency. Due to a spike in traffic, when Lambda functions scale, this causes the portion of requests that are served by new instances to have higher latency than the rest. To enable your function to scale without fluctuations in latency, use provisioned concurrency. By allocating provisioned concurrency before an increase in invocations, you can ensure that all requests are served by initialized instances with very low latency. You can configure Application Auto Scaling to manage provisioned concurrency on a schedule or based on utilization. Use scheduled scaling to increase provisioned concurrency in anticipation of peak traffic. To increase provisioned concurrency automatically as needed, use the Application Auto Scaling API to register a target and create a scaling policy.)